aaaaaaaaaa bbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccc dddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
fffffff ggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh iii 
jjjjjjjjjjjj kkkkkkk 
lllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnnnnnn ooooo 
pppppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
ssssssssssssssssssssssss 
ttttttttttttttt uuuuu 
vvvvvvvv wwww 
xxxxxxxxxx yyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccccc 
ddddddddddddddddddddddd 
eeeee fffffffff g hh 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkkk 
lllllllllllllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnn oooooooooo 
pppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
sssss ttttttt 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu vvvvv 
ww xxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa bbbbbbb 
cccccccccccccccccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
ffffff gg hhhhhhh iiii 
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkk 
llllllllllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
oooooooooooo 
pppppppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
ssssssssssssssssssssssss 
tttttttttttt uuuuuuuuuuuu 
vvvvvvvvv wwwwwwwww 
xxxxxxxxx yyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaaaa bbbbbbbbb 
cccccccccccccccccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeee ffffff ggggggg 
hhhhhh iiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
jjjjj kkkkkkkkkkk 
lllllllllllllllll mmm 
nnnnnnn oooooooooooooo pp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq rrrrr 
ssssssssssssssssssssss 
ttttt uu 
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv 
w xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyyyy zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aa bbbbbbbbbbb 
ccccccccccccc dddddddd 
eee f gggggggggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i 
jjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
lllllllllllllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnn ooo 
pppppppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
ssssssssssssssssssss 
ttt 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
vvvvvvvvvvvvv wwwwwww 
xxxxxxxxxxxx yyyyyyyyyy z 
aaaaaaaaaaa bb 
ccccccccccccccccc 
ddddddddddddddddddddd 
COST: 57957.000000
TIME ELAPSED: 0.000560 Seconds
