aaaaaaaaaaaaaa bbbbbb 
cccccccccccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
ffff ggggggggggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
iiiiiiiiiiii jjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
llllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnnnn 
ooooooooooooooo 
ppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq r 
ssss t uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
vvvvvvvvvvv 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww xx 
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy zzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
ccccccccccccccc 
ddddddddddddddd ee 
ffffffffffffffffffff 
gggggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhh iiiiiiiiiii 
jjjjjjjjjj kkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
llllllllllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn ooo 
ppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrr ss 
ttttttt uuuuu 
vvvvvvvvvvvv wwwwwww 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaa 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee fffff 
gggggggggggggggggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
iiiiiiiiiii j 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
llllllllllllllllllllll 
mmmm nnnnnn 
ooooooooooooooooooooooo 
ppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
ssssssssss 
ttttttttttttttttttt uuu 
vv 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
xxxx yyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaa bbbbbbb 
ccccccccccccccccccc 
ddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeee fffff 
gggggggg h iiiiiiiiiiiiii 
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
lllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm nnnnnnn 
ooooo pppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrr sssssss 
ttttttttttt 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyy z 
aaaaaaaaaaaa 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccccccccccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
ffffffffffffffffff 
gggggggggggggggggg 
hhhhhhhhhhh iiii j 
kkkkkkk lll m 
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
ooooooooooooooooooo 
ppppppppppppppppppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrr 
sssssssssssssssssss ttttt 
uuuuuuuuuu 
vvvvvvvvvvvvvv wwww 
xxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccccccccccc 
dddddddddddddddddddddd 
eeeeeeeeeeeeee 
fffffffffffffffff 
gggggggggggggggggggg h 
iiii jjjjjjjjjjjjj 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
lllllllllllllllllllll 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
nnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
ooooooooooooo pppppp 
qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq 
rrrrrrrrrrrrr 
sssssssssssssssss 
ttttttttttt u 
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv 
wwwwwwwwwww xxxxxxxxxxx 
yyyyyyyyyyyyy 
zzzzzzzzzzzzz a 
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb 
cccccccccccccccccccc 
COST: 80100.000000
TIME ELAPSED: 0.000628 Seconds
